---
layout: post
title: house
---

You healed me in Brooklyn chosen familial ties bringing me back like some fateful A+ transfusion. Stole my body from the morgue — original da Vinci code — and we stayed in a basement and slept until a.m. hours hit p.m. hours and could never tell the difference between day and night.

 In that strange stranger way of acting like someone else of being a peacock of being more yourself than normal self; you see me raw and you bring me back from the brink because you can sense that even though I check my reflection one too many times I am still so happy to be in a warehouse in Brooklyn with people I hardly know. Where is the line between knowing and not knowing where is the line where trust intercepts and tells you to open yourself like an orchid in bloom? I have always been a rare flower and I have been a garden weed and I don't know if there is a difference anymore I don't know if I want to see the difference anymore. I love you and I don't know you; it is better than when I know you and do not love you which feels like an always these days and suddenly there is not such an extreme modifier; suddenly tubers will start reaching for something other than Round-Up in the soil (did you know that it is illegal in Canada? Pesticides of a certain caliber are only legal in the states and I wonder what that says about us. I wonder what that says about what we give permission to let in.) 

I love you always in the way I thought I always loved a boy who spoke sweet words in the French Alps but I am learning to recognize the difference between lust and necessity and you are necessity vitamins to heal me vitamins to make my blood less alkaline or more less anemic more pure to make me not so dizzy I am fainting always fainting for the wrong reasons. You are health. I am back and I am fainting in a good way and I thank you for pumping that IV with a solution that Obamacare probably will cover but maybe not and even if not the ulcers have tapered to a point of living that is higher than mere survival and for that there is gratitude.
