---
layout: post
title: decision
---


I have decided to stop asking goddess (lower case g; I would like to be on equal footing for once) for an antihero. I have always been my own. Self destruction from self hate and it's time to being tired. I told you I'm sorry and I don't know why. I never knew why I just wanted you to stop crying
Stop crying, it's my turn now and I'm 21 years overdue -- I can explain that process to you; I've paid fortunes to libraries for clinging to information I arm myself with like weapons bullets hand grenades flowers gentler now gentler now not into the good night but into the night, for it's never been good and always cruel and it is the atmosphere I can breathe in, this cruelty. I can't know a world without menace and I hate you for making me grow up backwards but I pray to goddess it will be gentler now-- this growth forward momentum.

I stopped letting myself be ferocious for you, for your anger to give you space to fume and fume and fume ceaseless coal black carbon churning like the Metropolis factory and I always wondered why you spent 30 years in the factory when you wanted to be a professor 30 years in the factory and I never went with you, not even once. I asked to see the machines and who even asks to see the machines? I thought you had whispered to them for thirty years and I doubt that I am wrong in the presumption. You tell your secrets to stacks of newspapers 30 years old and stolen records 30 years old and please just give mum her records back just give mum Roy Orbison back; you've learned well enough how to be the only lonely. I need to hear wails for which I feel no responsibility. I wish my body felt like mine like your weight felt like mine now no longer mine there is a weightlessness do you know how quickly I lose weight these days? Not even trying, it slips off my body slick Irish Spring (I always hated the texture but I was happy for soap so I lathered and repressed and lathered and repeated. Have I ever been clean? Now is a good time to start.) I can't remember walking without you strapped to my shoulders. Thank you for the scoliosis; somehow my body retwisted like it knew like muscle memory rubber band spring back to original form I have so many years carving out your form and it was always hollow always tin man tap tap tap waiting for a lack of echo and the reverb always hurt should not have hurt I knew it was coming but always hurt that resurgence that repetition I only think in repetition.

My sentences are long but they will re twist: they are still learning how to hold breath without an iron grip. How many times did I beg for breath? Every time, denial and I continued I continued I continued to speak truth but to you to you only and my jaw feels phantom pains from the screws. I begin to unhinge. 

It is not worth my time to be the heroine: all my life saving and never myself and I don't think honor has to bleed you of your desire. I still look at my body and see a simulation. Blade runner replicant where is the memory of when I owned my bones my flesh. I am fabricating everything now but so were you and I will accept this means of survival (the only pure word). Simulacrum girl clearing herself to bone, finding solidity. Crying feels like a concrete action so I repeat it and seal the resins for my bones which you cannot steal cannot steal cannot steal I can promise you nothing now but that.
