---
layout: post
title: diving
---

I have never known your oxygen. Teach me the chemicals. There is a way the air moves differently and I am sorry I keep fainting on my midday run -- it's the heat it's the humidity it's the not eating (why are you not eating? Why are you asking questions?) I can feel Hamilton heaviness in my lungs as I heave 

Diving is like being drunk one hundred feet underwater and it's like six beers it's like eight beers it's probably sixteen beers for you now that tolerance rises reverse thermometer 

You asked if I had wanted it for a while but what is a while underwater when you can't see the hands of the clock as they beat like street fighters there is no while it has always been there the wanting and the desire to protect you the desire to know you

The venom makes itself known to my body. I can feel the venom even if you aren't aware of its being unleashed; sometimes arachnids release poison simply out of fear. I didn't lie when I said I feared insects. But I fear them as harbingers more and somehow they never lie -- it is their premonitory powers more than their fangs that made me scream the first night. I howled because somehow my father was coming to find me and the moths are an omen of it. I was not wrong in screaming

"I shaved for you" pulled off a layer out of courtesy or bravado or both but vulnerability is vulnerability and I am trying to listen closely to Neruda as he tells me the diver is near-comatose underwater as he wrestles marine carcasses and comes up to air like a bubble to burst

I see you as a man walking "media mer media tierra" learning to walk to eat to drink to fuck to feel again, rebirth must be cleansing; no wonder you don't believe in god. Nazareth reborn every day underwater cannot damn near compete with Jesus' one-hit wonder

Wading through sludge with your brain near-bleeding and you hold the flame still to incinerate but I will hold your hand even when you burn me not if

The coke will bring you up and maybe it will help you resurface in this world fast enough to see me still standing here not leaving but I can just say it

I cycle back to familiarity of complexity; I can breathe when you throw punches. You can breathe through a tank. Media hombre media machina-- I won't pretend to not care. It is an infinite vocation this love for you. It is hard to define but I will always be in the in between of those two profound abysmal spaces of blood and bloodlust 
