---
layout: post
title: jumpcut
---

Early morning. 9:00am

n: you look like you’re having an existential crisis.

e: I kind of am.

n: what’s on your mind?

e: nothing.

n: liar.

e: fuck, look I can’t do this again.

n: what do you mean?

e: I can’t hook up with you again. I knew this would happen.

n: I don’t understand.

e: I have four weeks left and I can’t hook up with you again. Look, I mean we had fun, this was fun, can’t we just leave it at that? I had a good time. 

beat.

e: say something.

n: I feel used.

e: shit, I’m sorry if I made you feel used, but I told you that I don’t hook up with people more than once anymore.

n: I don’t get it, you want us to never speak again? I suppose it wouldn’t be too different from us not speaking for three years. But you want me to delete you from Facebook, cut all ties?

e: You don’t have to delete me from Facebook. I don’t even use Facebook really.

n: I guess this means we can’t be friends.

e: No, we can be friends. Let’s be friends.

n voiceover:
I look at you in an Agnès Varda jump cut — frame frame frame there is Cléo descending the stairs. It is surprise that I feel, every time I open my eyes and there you are, emerging from somewhere not here. 

I guess we take what we are given and we don’t say sorry for it and we don’t say thank you for it and we don’t look back not even once.

In your script there is an artist, outside of his time, looking to make the classic modern; in your life you play the fool because it is natural to you and the fool is charming. The artist tries (the key here) to tell his contemporaries that the ancient is not dead; your thesis follows the pattern — an essay is a try after all.

I see you, already stuck in perpetuity of four weeks, thinking that any sense of looking back is a Lot death sentence to stone. Your paper artist wants to pull the past out and destroy the present. Your present is precious, parceled into bite-sized snacks for later consumption; the impossibility is to let anyone touch them anyone near them anyone near you.

You say sex is pure physicality; orgasm to void. I can hear your voice crack when I whisper the question: can you not care or do you not want to? 
	It is not that I don’t want to, it’s that I don’t know how to.

You know in some way but it isn’t the way you are supposed to care told to care restricted to care. It’s the wrong way of caring and it would scare me. It’s vicious, toxic.

My comfort is in toxicity; a Dead Sea to which my body has adapted and now I float on top of radiation on top of blood on top of splinters. I am impervious to pain, is perhaps the declaration which compels you to me; masochism begets the wrong kind of caring, a fractured state of it, and still the right kind.

Here is always somewhere else; the wrong way of caring in film noir lighting — high contrast and deep shadows and a resistance to flat planes a resistance to smooth surfaces. There are no words but there are too many and stop asking questions and I’m too sad to tell you, but I can only understand your care with your hands around my neck and I want I want I want to know you. That is all, I swear. 

I ask you questions to dismantle your exterior. You keep asking why I want to dig out your sadness picking off scabs, pulling teeth, drawing blood but I would nurse you to health and back just so I could read your vital signs more clearly. Is your blood pressure rising? is rhetorical because I can feel the switch.

The splicing of time has a cruelty which brings us together in that cinematic circle but I won’t get sentimental I only get sentimental I apologize if I am too sentimental but here I am because I like you when you are in sentimentality.
Let it destroy you and then create; you are already nostalgic for what you have left to live here. Preemptive strike towards wanting a fabrication. I will take brutality in present over boredom

The jumpcut expands time on repeat repeat repeat there you are something I wanted to know so badly so badly so badly. 

It has always been there, I swear it. Even if it strange to hear: a desire to know you since that first  frame. 

The script is about you; but you already knew that.



n: I always so wanted to be friends with you.
