---
layout: post
title: beret
---

We rattle into town on a cramped bus, accenting the wrong consonants and feeling like smoke is in front of our eyes. Are we here now? We have found each other once more in a town that belongs to neither of us in any small way but which we will try and learn from in the time we have now.

It is too cold here but the absinthe warms us, or so we pretend. We consider stealing those plush red blankets that abound in every restaurant patio, but we know better and thus let the cold shake us so we burn off the Nutella from the trdelník. 

In berets and beanies, we sneak into buildings and charm our way into places with limited entrances, for this is the game we know best. We, the uprooted, clutching those wormwood infused drinks, waiting for the hallucinations to stop. The three days feel like a dream. We move like one.

There is no one I would rather be with, to discuss how we see more clearly every day that we are bound to not belong to anyone, to anything but to drift and float and scatter among places. We, who belong only a little bit to each other, as though family has taught itself not to be defined by blood, for we are not. 

But my blood is like your blood in that I would spill it for you and for me and I have and I will. Always smeared crimson, always nails painted and chipped, we get away with more than we should, but we really should get away with more. It has been brutal but we are here now. We fall asleep on soft waves and there is no seasickness on the river I cannot name. There is only the two of us, family in transit, returned to one another once more for a short while.
