---
layout: post
title: cod as an algorithm
---

I will return to the river at night and I will ask myself is this what you wanted to make of your self. Is this what you wanted to make of yourself. And the search engine will return nothing. And I will return to my Algorithms. And i will return to my algorithms. 

I asked you for advice on not writing a suicide note and you told me to eat more fish. Cod kills depression; I read it on WebMD.

You found me floating at the bottom of a swimming pool as a child and I didn’t want to come back up. Mermaid in a  blue nightgown asking the tiles why why why are you green from below and white from above? I didn’t get an answer because I broke the surface and sometimes it haunts me at night; the not knowing, that is.

I was happy in Paris, says the asshole who controls my mouth, makes my lips flounder. Paris was a dream la vie en rose I liked the Louis Armstrong version better but I like Edith Piaf’s eyebrows better because they remind me of mine. I’m sorry and I’m sorry and I’m sorry.

How many people am I addressing in the second person? How many times can I ask you if you are the you of whom I am you-ing. Only you just you just one you, you know.

I won’t call you back because you demanded my body and took it and now it’s a ghost rag I wear around me. Can I dig to my bones because you haven’t touched them, you haven’t soiled them with some preconception of ownership? Let me filet my flesh from myself. Is this what you wanted to make of yourself. I’ll dip those skins in panko and pan fry them. I’ll top me off with a little tartar sauce. Cod kills depression.

