---
layout: post
title: mem alloc
---

Mem alloc 

I remember my memories of you or at least I think I do I think I do want to the good ones at least. I will cling to gentleness as when I asked you to braid my hair. Do you remember it? There were quiet moments and they taught me to bury myself bury my body in silence live in air void of air an absence of breath from absence of voice. I remember the silence loudly and my voice barely breaks a whisper now. Ask me how many times a day people ask me to speak up. The doctor says she can hardly hear a syllable as I try to name the symptoms (psychosomatic) that appear when you do from your appearance three weeks ago - nausea, vomiting, dizziness, lack of appetite, inability to sleep, exhaustion, fever, chills, aches shall I continue because none of them are real enough in my body to warrant a diagnosis of a viral proclivity none of them are real enough to be called continued abuse. Do you know that I want so badly to love my bleeding and broken and bruised body and I can not because it is still half yours you you are still in my body my blood I want to drain you leak open my veins just so I can see you evaporate from me and even then it is still there because DNA binds to itself like you to your misanthropy.

People ask me how I am still a runner if I burn through 10 Marlboros a day. My body knows how to operate only under stress- permanent fracture I don't can't understand the purpose of mending. Do you know how many times I have rebuilt my body after you set the dynamite and imploded me. The best criminal leaves no trace. Tell me how to unhinge my insides and hold my spleen in my hand ask the crowd at the bar to look at what the world has done to me ask everyone I meet to see a brutality internal.

