---
layout: post
title: a long soak in a city not-here 
---

Accustomed to the practice, like a ritual to bleed days into next-days, I’ll slip into the hot water, tainted with Epsom salts to leech out all my toxins. Soaking every day in the searing water for six hours, how do I stop aestheticizing my melancholy as though it is the season’s wrap sweater par excellence? I spent a year on this project. Every day, chipping away at the external makeup of the spaces on your face (not your face, any face, a general, royal-we, blanket statement of an informal 2nd person not directed anywhere but at an everywhere everyman, liable to open his wallet-heart), where concave kisses convex and we don’t see shifts in volume but for where absence of light allows us to notice volumetric difference. If you were a container I would fill you with me, take up all open space like water; a greedy algorithm, searching for the nearest neighbor to grab and cling to, my hands have always twitched with a nervous fear of not finding everything available. I have always wanted more and less. 

Accustomed to this practice, at night in a speeding vehicle to whip between neighborhoods of cubes, interior lights the only indicator of some life being lived on the inside. Sometimes even that is not convincing enough. I slip myself into the empty containers of these stacked cubes and mark out the movement on the unfinished concrete floors. I feel the habitual choreography shift my body. I pretend it is you pulling and pushing me, holding my hand to let it go to slip a hand onto the small of my back to keep me up because what a holy dizziness that drags me under as you come close. The tic of blinking to see you in the empty house, bare naked living room held up with cinder block pillars (all of these greek columns, but their Parthenon names are not but borrowed from Roman conquest remnants — ionic or Corinthian or the third one, does it hurt you that it escapes me?) This danse macabre shapes us in the space that is filled with nothing, but nothing, but the air between us, which is what we are breathing to stay upright, which is nothing. 

I’ll see you in the laundromat, rattling quarters like teeth. I’ll see you in the motel room, $22/night with free WiFi and a broken coffeemaker on the bureau. I’ll see you in the Denny’s, booth in the back, tucked into an alcove with a big window of the exquisite view of the parking lot, glittering like a Christmas tree, draped in broken glass and cigarette butts. I’ll see you in the hospital waiting room, me in a gown like a debutante, you with your leather jacket like a lost Ramone. I’ll see you in another dingy vision, a program on the analog tv at 3am, signal coming in from space, signal coming in fuzzy, signal coming in barely at all.

